fixing Delegate overview page (#593)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/2_Delegates/get-started-with-delegates/delegates-overview.md

> ![](./static/delegates-overview-01.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![](./static/delegates-overview-01.png)

```

* **Heartbeats** - Running Delegates send heartbeats to the Harness Manager in 1 minute intervals. If the Manager does not have a heartbeat for a Delegate when a task is ready to be assigned, it will not assign the task to that Delegate.
* **Tags** - For more information, see [Select Delegates with Tags](/docs/platform/2_Delegates/manage-delegates/select-delegates-with-selectors.md).

> * **Capability** - Delegate checks connectity to your external systems to know whether it can do the task or not. This gives chance to other delegates in case the reachability is not present. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Capability** - The delegate checks connectivity to your external systems to determine whether it can carry out the task. This process allows other delegates to assist in case access issues are found. 
```

      harness.io/app: harness-delegate  
...
```

> For the Kubernetes Delegate, you only need one Delegate in the cluster. Simply increase the number of replicas, and nothing else. Do not add another Delegate to the cluster in an attempt to achieve HA. If you want to install Kubernetes Delegates in separate clusters, do not use the same **harness-kubernetes.yaml** and name for both Delegates. Download a new Kubernetes YAML spec from Harness for each Delegate you want to install. This will avoid name conflicts. In every case, Delegates must be identical in terms of permissions, keys, connectivity, etc. With two or more Delegates running in the same target environment, HA is provided by default. One Delegate can go down without impacting Harness' ability to perform deployments. If you want more availability, you can set up three Delegates to handle the loss of two Delegates, and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You only need one Kubernetes delegate in a cluster. Do not install additional delegates to create high availability. Instead, you should increase the number of replicas pods. If you want to install Kubernetes delegates in separate clusters, make sure they do not use the same **harness-kubernetes.yaml** file and name. Download a new Kubernetes YAML `spec` from Harness for each delegate you want to install. This avoids name conflicts. In every case, delegates must be identical in terms of permissions, keys, connectivity, and so on. With two or more delegates running in the same target environment, you get high availability by default. One delegate can go down without impacting Harness' ability to perform deployments. If you want more availability, you can set up three delegates to handle the loss of two delegates, and so on.
```

> For the Kubernetes Delegate, you only need one Delegate in the cluster. Simply increase the number of replicas, and nothing else. Do not add another Delegate to the cluster in an attempt to achieve HA. If you want to install Kubernetes Delegates in separate clusters, do not use the same **harness-kubernetes.yaml** and name for both Delegates. Download a new Kubernetes YAML spec from Harness for each Delegate you want to install. This will avoid name conflicts. In every case, Delegates must be identical in terms of permissions, keys, connectivity, etc. With two or more Delegates running in the same target environment, HA is provided by default. One Delegate can go down without impacting Harness' ability to perform deployments. If you want more availability, you can set up three Delegates to handle the loss of two Delegates, and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You only need one Kubernetes delegate in a cluster. Do not install additional delegates to create high availability. Instead, you should increase the number of replicas pods. 

If you want to install Kubernetes delegates in separate clusters, make sure they do not use the same **harness-kubernetes.yaml** file and name. Download a new Kubernetes YAML `spec` from Harness for each delegate you want to install. This avoids name conflicts. 

In every case, delegates must be identical in terms of permissions, keys, connectivity, and so on. With two or more delegates running in the same target environment, you get high availability by default. One delegate can go down without impacting Harness' ability to perform deployments. If you want more availability, you can set up three delegates to handle the loss of two delegates, and so on.
```

> Two Delegates in different locations with different connectivity do not support HA. For example, if you have a Delegate in a Dev environment and another in a Prod environment, the Dev Delegate will not communicate with the Prod Delegate or vice versa. If either Delegate went down, Harness would not operate in their environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two delegates in different locations with different connectivity do not support high availability. For example, if you have a delegate in a Dev environment and another in a Prod environment, there is no communication between the two delegates. If either delegate fails, Harness stops operating in that environment.
```
